Editing - Run Enterprise Search on ECK (#3722)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/enterprise-search.asciidoc

[id="{p}-enterprise-search-upgrade-specification"]
=== Upgrade the Enterprise Search specification

> In the Enterprise Search YAML specification, you can change settings and version upgrades. ECK detects those changes and ensures a smooth rolling upgrade of all Enterprise Search Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upgrade the Enterprise Search version or change settings by editing the YAML specification. ECK will apply the changes by performing a rolling restart of Enterprise Search pods.
```
